---

title:  "another test"
date:   2017-03-05 16:04:13 -0400

---

It's members week at the lab. This means a lot of things, but let's skip to the most important: free food. Around the clock pretty much. I shouldn't even call it food, they serve "meals." Well thought out pairings of entrées and side dishes that largely borrow from nouveau American cuisine while winking at popular Eastern flavor profiles. Yesterday there was a soy-marinated chicken breast atop a cous cous and asparagus salad. I have problems with "salad" nomenclature btw. Not to derail this update, but cous cous with a vegetable mixed into it isn't really a salad to me. Am I crazy for feeling this way? Isn't "beef salad" an oxymoron? Maybe Civic Media could deploy a network of autonomous drones to conduct an ethnographic meta-analysis on the epistomological origins of the word "salad" across northern and southern equatorial culture regimes.

Anyway, speaking of misappropriations of "salad," they served turkey salad for breakfast this morning. ML-all email: is there a device in the building that could help me read the mind of whatever gastronomic trailblazer decided to serve this for breakfast? Turkey isn't a breakfast food. Salad certainly isn't a breakfast food. Did they think that some metamorphic fision would occur whereby two explicitly savory foods become a single breakfast food when combined? If so, I have a data point for their study: it didn't work.

Turkey salad for breakfast. What's next, eggs for dinner? Oh wait, I made that for dinner at my place last night. 

